When we plant a rose seed in the earth, we notice it is small, but we do not criticize it as“rootless and stemless". We treat it as a seed, giving it the water and nourishment required of a seed.
一粒微小的玫瑰花籽被植入土壤时，我们并不因它“无根无茎”而加经批评。我们把它当作一粒种
子来对待，施与它所需的水分和养料。
When it first shoots up out of the earth, we don't condemn it as immature and underdeveloped, nor do we criticize the buds for not being open when they appear. We stand in wonder at the process taking place, and give the plant the care it needs at each stage of its development.
当它刚刚破土而出时，我们不因它幼稚，发育不良而诋毁它；当出现花蕾时，我们也不因它们不绽放而责备它。在它成长的不同阶段，给予它所需要的照顾。我们会惊喜地目睹整个过程。
The rose is a rose from the time it is a seed to the time it dies. Within it, at all times, it contains its whole potential. It seems to be constantly in the process of change:yet at each state. at each moment, it is perfectly all right as it is.
玫瑰，从一粒种子开始到凋零直到死亡，始终是玫瑰。在它生命里的每时每刻，体内都蕴藏着巨大的潜能。它似乎总是在不断的变化，但是在任何阶段，任何时刻，都是最真实、最完美的。
A flower is not better when it blooms than when it is merely a bud;at each stage it is the same thing—a flower in the process of expressing its potential.
一朵花，在每一个阶段都是相同的，无论是心情绽放的花朵还是含苞欲放的花蕾，都是这朵花…一
朵时刻展现自己潜能的花
Have you thought about what you want people to say about you after you're gone? Can you hear the voice saying, “He was a great man.” Or “She really will be missed.” What else do they say?
One of the strangest phenomena of life is to engage in a work that will last long after death. Isn't that a lot like investing all your money so that future generations can bare interest on it? Perhaps, yet if you look deep in your own heart, you'll find something drives you to make this kind of contribution---something drives every human being to find a purpose that lives on after death.
Do you hope to memorialize your name? Have a name that is whispered with reverent awe? Do you hope to have your face carved upon 50 feet of granite rock? Is the answer really that simple? Is the purpose of lifetime contribution an ego-driven desire for a mortal being to have an immortal name or is it something more?
We are alive; let us live. We have the ability to experience; let us experience. We have the ability to learn; let us learn. The meaning of life can be grasped in a moment. A moment so brief it often evades our perception.
We are alive; let us live. We have the ability to experience; let us experience. We have the ability to learn; let us learn. The meaning of life can be grasped in a moment. A moment so brief it often evades our perception.
These moments are strung together in a series we call events. These events are strung together in a series we call life. When we seize the moment and bend it according to our will, a will driven by the spirit deep inside us, then we have discovered the meaning of life, a meaning for us that shall go on long after we depart this Earth.